Contract Address: The 0x address supplied on contract creation (added above)
Is Yul contract: Select if the contract is coded in Yul for efficiency.
Include Nightly Builds: Select if you want to show nightly builds.
Compiler: derived from the first line in the contract pragma solidity X.X.X. Use the corresponding compiler version rather than the nightly build.
EVM Version: Select the correctEVM versionif known, otherwise use default.
Optimization Enabled: If you enabled optimization during compilation, select and enter the run value. 200 is the Solidity Compiler default value. Only change if you changed this value while compiling.
Enter the Solidity Contract Code: Copy-paste the source code of your smart contract as is.
Add Contract Libraries: Enter the name and 0x address for any required libraries called in the .sol file. You can add multiple contracts with the ”+” button.
Click the Verify and Publish button.
If all goes well, you will see a checkmark ✅ next to Code in the code tab, and an additional tab called Read Contract. The contract name will now appear in BlockScout with any transactions related to your contract.
​
Solidity (Standard JSON input)
More information on JSON input is available here.
Include nightly builds. You can choose Yes or No depending on your compiler.
Compiler. Choose the compiler version used to compile your smart contract. If you selected yes for nightly builds, use the compiler version rather than the build.
Standard Input JSON. Upload your Standard Input JSON file. File should follows solidity format and all the sources must be in Literal Content format, not a URL.
Click the Verify & publish button and wait for the response.
​
Via Sourcify: Sources and metadata JSON file
See the Contract Verification via Sourcify page for details.
​
Solidity (Multi-part files)
See the above settings. You will upload all of the .sol or .yul files you used for your contract. This method requires at least 2 files - if you have a single file use the flattened source code method.
​
Vyper Contract
Contract Name: Name assigned to the contract.
Compiler: Select the compiler version used in the source code.
EVM Version: Select the correct EVM version if known, otherwise use default.
Contract Code: Copy and paste the contract code
Click the Verify and Publish button.
If all goes well, you will see a checkmark ✅ next to Code in the code tab, and an additional tab called Read Contract. The contract name will now appear in BlockScout with any transactions related to your contract.